NEXT-29107 - Add docs for B2B components' entities (#1007)
shopware/docs: products/extensions/b2b-components/employee-management/concept/entities-and-schema.md

> # Entities and schema

Reviewer: I would advice against describing every entity, since the ER diagram already covers the relationships. We should only go into detail if there are crucial details to an entity, you definitely don't get from the diagram.

The overall description of the most important entities (like company, employee, role) is already covered by the introduction page.

Author: What do you think @sushmangupta

Reviewer 2: @marcelbrode / @bschulzebaek , Can you point me to the introduction page ?

Author: done

## Entities

### Company

> The company entity represents a company that is registered as a customer in the shop. It is used to gather a company's employees and roles.

Reviewer 3: I think "The company entity represents a company that is registered as a customer in the shop" is a bit unclear. Maybe something like "The company entity includes additional B2B company data and extends the basic shop customer"?

Author: I changed it with using your and meyers suggestions. Please recheck after push

> The company entity represents a company that is registered as a customer in the shop. It is used to gather a company's employees and roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The company entity represents a company that is registered as a customer in the shop. It is used to gather a company's employees, roles and global settings.
```

### Employee

> The employee entity represents a customer working for a specific B2B merchant. It acts on behalf of the associated company to e.g. place orders. A role can be assigned to an employee.

Reviewer 3: "The employee entity represents a customer working for a specific B2B merchant" is in my opinion a bit confusing. Maybe: The employee entity represents an employee working for a specific B2B business partner

> The employee entity represents a customer working for a specific B2B merchant. It acts on behalf of the associated company to e.g. place orders. A role can be assigned to an employee.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The employee entity represents a separated login for the same company customer. It acts on behalf of the associated company to e.g. place orders. A role can be assigned to an employee.
```

### Role

The role entity represents a set of permissions that can be assigned to an employee. Permissions can restrict or allow employees to perform certain actions in the shop, like ordering or managing roles or employees themselves.

```mermaid
erDiagram
    swag_b2b_company {
        uuid id PK
        uuid company_customer_id FK
        uuid default_role_id FK
        json custom_fields
    }
    swag_b2b_employee {
        uuid id PK
        uuid company_customer_id FK
        uuid role_id FK
        boolean active
        string first_name
        string last_name
        string email
        string password
        datetime recovery_time
        string recovery_hash
    }
    swag_b2b_role {
        uuid id PK
        uuid company_customer_id FK
        string name
        json permissions
    }
    swag_b2b_company |o--|| customer : "is company administrator"
    swag_b2b_employee }o--|| customer : "uses data for orders from"
    swag_b2b_employee }o--o| swag_b2b_role : "has role"

>     swag_b2b_role }o--|| customer : "uses company data from"

Reviewer 4: Does a role use data of the company or is there only a relation like "belongs to"?

Author: Good point!
